Now that we know how goals are set up let's take a look at
the conversion reports associated with these goals in Google Analytics.
Here's the conversion section in Google Analytics.
Here we're looking at the overview report.
This report provides us with the basic metrics.
First, the total number of goal completions in the time frame we're looking at.
So, that's the total number of conversions or the total number of
visitors who have completed all steps defined as part of this goal.
We can also see the goal value here.
In the case of the Google merchandise store the goal value has
not been set because it's an e-commerce site.
The value information is all part of the commerce reports section we'll cover later.
The goal conversion rate is the percent of sessions
during the selected time period that resulted in a goal completion.
We can also see the abandonment rate.
This is the total abandoned funnels divided by total goal starts.
This applies for goals for which you have set up a funnel.
Next to these overall metrics.
You'll also see the total number of goal completions for your goals.
In the case of the merchandise store five goals have
been set up and these are their completion rates.
It looks like the engaged user goal is the one that is most often achieved.
You can see all URLs that are a goal destination in the goal completion URLs here.
You can see it with their respective completions.
You can also find the full report here.
These URLs represent all the URLs where conversions take place based on the goals
you defined as well as the smart goals that Google
may have added if you're using Google AdWords.
In the reverse goal path report you can get an idea of what the steps
were that a user took before getting to the goal completion location.